README.md, before:

# leShop

"View Products" build a react app to allow users  to view a list of products
 with additional functionality of sort and search. 
 Products API: https://dummyjson.com/docs/products
## Tech stack

* Node (v18.12)
* NPM (8.19.2)
* Nodemon (2.0.20) to reload the server automatically.


## User Stories
```
As a leShop user
So I can view all products.
I would like to view all products.
```

```
As a leShop user
So I can retrieve and view products from the API
I would like to see a display on the product page by title and in ascending order
```

```
As a leShop user
So I can see the vital information for each product
I would like a display of category, title, description, price and stock
```

## Diagrams

### Wireframe Diagram
 <img src='frontend/src/images/wireframe.png'/> 

### Frontend & API Diagram
<!-- <img src='frontend/src/images/diagram.png'/> -->

## How to run

Clone this repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/paulinejdavis/leShop_app.git

```

Run the frontend:

```
cd frontend
npm install
npm start
```

Commit message:

add updates to user stories

README.md, after:

# leShop

"View Products" a react app build to allow users to view a list of products
 from Products API: https://dummyjson.com/docs/productswith additional With additional functionality of sort, search, delete and filter. 
 
## Tech stack

* Node (v18.12)
* NPM (8.19.2)
* Nodemon (2.0.20) to reload the server automatically.


## User Stories
```
As a leShop user
So I can view all products.
I would like to view all products.
```

```
As a leShop user
So I can retrieve and view products from the API
I would like to see a display on the product page by title and in ascending order
```

```
As a leShop user
So I can see the vital information for each product
I would like a display of category, title, description, price and stock.
```

```
As a leShop user
So I can see the view products by category
I would like button functionality to see products by category.
```

```
```

## Diagrams

### Wireframe Diagram
 <img src='frontend/src/images/wireframe.png'/> 

### Frontend & API Diagram
<!-- <img src='frontend/src/images/diagram.png'/> -->

## How to run

Clone this repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/paulinejdavis/leShop_app.git

```

Run the frontend:

```
cd frontend
npm install
npm start
```
